# Helloworld_test

Hi Humans!
It is March 17, 2020. An atypical time to say the least. This is me doing a test, working from home as a data analyst doing bioinformatics for the UMASS Medical School ALS and Parkinson's research lab. Coronavirus or Covid-19 fears especially for our ederly populations. 185,067 worldwide confirmed cases. Stared in Wuhan, China in a wet market about November 2019. Possible bat to an intermediary host of the mammal panglions which are anteater like animals that are critically endangered.  Now has spread everywhere except Antartica.  So far, children are the least affected but people are carrying the virus without symptoms. Scary! Social distancing of 6 feet apart.  Not enough ventilators available and hospitals in critical need of personal protective equipment.  Trying to reduce the peak to the curve as to not overwhelm the hospitals.  Is it working...not sure? We probably won't know for at least 3 weeks. Borders of Europe are closing.
Crazy, the pandemic that was expected to come is here, officially declared a pandemic on March 11, 2020 by the W.H.O!  Groceries are running out on shelves in the US.  Panic. People are over-buying hand sanitizer and toilet paper, other paper products and disinfectants, bread and milk.  Schools are closed (K-12) and colleges are doing the virtual learning platform for the rest of the year after sending students home, off of campus. The stockmarket has dropped 3000 points overnight after so many closing bells down dramatic amounts. The Fed has slashed the interest rate close to 0! No where else to fall.
Still wonderful people out there working to keep life as normal as possible.  Thank you to everyone who is stepping up.  God bless the world!
Innovative companies are now trying vaccines in early trials in Seattle, Washington which was hit so hard from this pandemic in the US. No one knows if it will work but this is so much sooner than a standard 12-18 month clinical trial. Moderna, a company in the Boston area, using the "spike" proteins present on the outside of the virus, to create the mRNA into a vaccine. The vaccine was created based on the genetic sequence of the novel coronavirus, which was shared by the Chinese government. Moderna said its scientists worked with investigators from the Vaccine Research Center at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases to identify the messenger RNA vaccine. There’s no chance participants could get infected from the shots because they don’t contain the coronavirus itself.Researchers at the NIH copied the section of the virus’ genetic code that contains the instructions for cells to create the spike protein. Moderna encased that “messenger RNA” into a vaccine.
The idea: The body will become a mini-factory, producing some harmless spike protein. When the immune system spots the foreign protein, it will make antibodies to attack -- and be primed to react quickly if the person later encounters the real virus.
Here's to hoping that we can do better than the past in this 21st Century!
